README.md, before:

# Legol

# Getting Started

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Run the dev server: `npm run dev`
4. Open your browser to the URL shown in terminal (usually http://localhost:5173) (This runs the frontend - which is the website we display for the demo)
5. To run the backend: `cd backend && source venv/bin/activate && python app.py` (you need to run both servers for the chatbot to work) 

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Added Google Login, firebase integrated.

README.md, after:

# Legol

# Getting Started

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Set up Firebase Authentication (for Google Sign-In):
   - Go to [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/)
   - Create a new project or select an existing one
   - Enable Google Authentication:
     - Go to Authentication > Sign-in method
     - Enable Google provider
   - Get your Firebase configuration:
     - Go to Project Settings > General
     - Scroll down to "Your apps" and click on the web app (or create one)
     - Copy the Firebase configuration values
   - Create a `.env` file in the root directory (copy from `.env.example`)
   - Add your Firebase configuration values to the `.env` file
4. Run the dev server: `npm run dev`
5. Open your browser to the URL shown in terminal (usually http://localhost:5173) (This runs the frontend - which is the website we display for the demo)
6. To run the backend: `cd backend && source venv/bin/activate && python app.py` (you need to run both servers for the chatbot to work) 

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.
